in v3 of AdminBro, we introduced **AdminBro features**.

From business perspective **Feature** is a chunk of code which solves one business problem and it can be applied to selected resource/resources.

From the technical perspective **Feature** is a function returning {@link ResourceOptions}.

> We wrote them because we want the sharing functionalities among projects to be super easy.

The feature can be:

* file upload
* blog
* password hashing
* user profile
...etc

## Using features

Features are passed to configuration along with the resources and their options.

Let me show you an example:


```javascript
const User = require('./models/user')
const argon2 = require('argon2')
const hashPassword = require('@admin-bro/passwords')

const adminBroOptions = {
  resources: [
    {
      resource: User,
      options: {
        //...your regular options go here'
        properties: { encryptedPassword: { isVisible: false } },
      },
      features: [hashPassword({
        properties: {
          encryptedPassword: 'myDbField',
          password: 'password'
        }
        hash: argon2.hash,
      })]
    },
  ],
  //...
}
```

## Writing your own features

As I mentioned the **feature** is a simple function which returns {@link ResourceOptions}.
Simple as that.

But since **features** can be chained they also take {@link ResourceOptions}
generated by the previous **features** as a parameter.

Simple feature implementation (idea):

```javascript
const feature = (prevResourceOptions) {
  return {
    ...prevResourceOptions,
    actions: {
      ...prevResourceOptions.actions,
      edit: {
        ...(prevResourceOptions.actions && prevResourceOptions.actions.edit),
        //..
      }
      //..
    }
  }
}

export { feature }
```

As you can see, in the example above, that you have to take care of merging previous options,
which could be problematic.

Fortunately AdminBro gives you the helper functions for that:

- factory function {@link buildFeature}
- and optional helper {@link mergeResourceOptions}, when you need more control.

This is how a feature could look when we use {@link buildFeature} function:

```javascript
const { buildFeature } = require('admin-bro')

const feature = buildFeature({
  actions: {
    before: myBeforeHook
  }
})

```

## Available features

### Supported by SoftwareBrothers

- {@link module:@admin-bro/passwords Password Hashing Feature}
- {@link module:@admin-bro/upload Uploading files}

### Community plugins

- {@link https://github.com/johnyvelho/admin-bro-users-permissions UserPermissions}

We've just added **features** to admin-bro@3. On this page, we will write all the things which we, or
the community, will create.

So let's create the first feature!!!